This is Jeremy, and he might be one of the most successful solar
preneurs of all time.
But before we get into that, we gotta go back.
It all started with the DM.
Hey Pat, I just sold my sass for millions,
and I wanted to share the secret with you.
I gave him a quick call, and when he told me about this strategy,
I just couldn't believe it.
Is this actually real?
Did he just get lucky?
And will this secret strategy still work in 2026?
Only way to find out?
Well, I decided to travel to the hills of Los Angeles,
knock on his door, and have him show me everything.
Because this wasn't just a strategy,
it was a change in how software will be built forever.
Come join me as I spend 24 hours with a sass millionaire.
I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story.
We're at Jeremy's house in the Hollywood hills right now.
He claims to have built a sass business that made millions of dollars
and then sold it for even more millions.
His secret, apparently, is this thing called the tent pole strategy.
I mean, with AI vibe coding tools,
everyone's talking about how sass is dead.
He told me there's a couple of things to share about that,
which I'm excited to go over.
Is sass dead?
Guess we'll find out.
Hello?
Is this Jeremy's house?
Oh, let's go.
Whoa, he must have sold his sass for millions
if he's got this G-wagon here.
This is Mercedes AMG.
Look at this thing, man.
This is sick.
This is not a video about nice cars.
Let's go talk about sass.
Let's go.
Guess this is the place.
Hey, good to see you, man.
Wow, nice place, man.
Oh, thank you so much.
This is how a sass millionaire lives.
Look at this.
This is the original from Disneyland.
Wow.
This here is commissioned art.
I don't know what that means.
It was made for the house.
Wow.
And then this was specifically for this,
and that was flown in from Italy.
See, believe how douchebaggy that is to say?
Here.
Thanks for having me.
Hey, no problem.
Thanks for coming.
I got the sass millionaire here
about to learn all about his business.
You sold your business.
I did, I did.
What was the business that you built?
The business was task magic.
As a solo founder,
I kept finding myself like dabbling like no-code tools,
and one of those biggest no-code tools was Zapier.
And I noticed that like a lot of Zapier users
struggled to just automate things
because it was very limited by APIs.
So we built a tool that allowed them to click the button
or automate the messy browser human behavior
in like a web browser.
And we eventually scaled task magic
to over 60,000 users,
and about 8,000 paying customers.
And some months we would do north of 400 grand.
Wow.
And got it to about 3 million annually.
You have making the Inc 500 list last year
with a single employee.
A single employee, just you and one employee.
Me and my CTO.
Wow.
So last year after making the Inc 500 list,
we were like, okay, this could be a peak
that we could maybe like explore a sale.
We got one that was good.
That was in the mid-oper seven figures.
In million, enough to get that very cheap plaque with the badge.
But this was like life changing for me
and then one employee.
And I just thought it was the time to do it,
especially before I turned 38 years old.
As we had chatted before,
and you let me know about this amazing strategy.
We're going to talk about that a little bit later,
but just give me a little tease on that one.
Yeah, so that's the temple strategy.
Most people will build one product and then market it.
We marketed our product by building other side products
that would funnel paid users to that one temple product.
Yeah, just give us the tour.
Give us the tour.
So this is the Product Hunt Golden Kitty Award.
And this is our one of one I've been assured by Gas,
the founder of Acquired.com, where we sold Task Magic.
This is the magazine that we were in,
the Inc 5000 magazine.
This one, Task Magic, was awarded by AppSumo.
Tell me how this all started.
Did you have a software background?
How did you get to this point where you had a $3 million per year
SaaS with one founder, one employee?
So I started non-technical just like hacking away
at the original product, which was V1.
That was like a no-code app builder that ran slow as shit.
And then because I was able to monetize that,
like early in 2019, I was able to hire my first employee.
We kind of rebuilt the thing and we launched that in 2020.
We got that to seven figures in revenue.
And then 2021, we kind of took like a step back
because we were thinking, what is the bigger opportunity here?
And the sentiment with like customers was,
how do we automate those things?
We thought, okay, let's listen to this automation thing.
Maybe we can get on the forefront there.
And we kind of started with just like a few hundred grand
in like 2021 of that revenue.
And then made it to about three million in three years.
Well, okay, well, congratulations on the sale.
We're going to be talking about this tent post strategies.
Oh, let's do it.
Hey guys, Pat from the future here.
I'm just finishing up the edit on this video right now.
But before I do, I got to show you something.
You're about to learn about Jeremy's secret tent post strategy.
But reminder that it still all starts with one idea.
So in typical starter story fashion,
why not build your first idea inspired by already successful businesses?
Well, we worked with HubSpot to put together a free database
of over 190 proven micro SaaS ideas.
These are all real businesses.
And they include real revenue numbers,
real traffic, pricing models, cost to start,
everything you'd want to know.
So if you want to skip the guesswork and find an idea
that might actually work,
then click the description right down there below
and you can grab it for free.
All right, let's get back to the episode.
So this was the fuck you purchase.
My wife let me make it.
Yeah, I've never been inside of a G-wagon.
Here, get in the driver seat.
My name is G-wagon.
Yeah.
Good one.
Wow.
Look at this dude.
This is what you get when you build SaaS products.
All right, let's talk about the tent pole strategy.
The tent pole strategy.
You know, typical SaaS is like you build one product.
You have a subscription.
Yep, people sign up.
They turn off.
But you did it differently.
Correct.
Can you explain the tent pole strategy to me?
Yep.
And I'll even make a tent.
So look at that.
It's a tent pole almost.
And then task magic.
So task magic, our browser-based automation software,
was the main tent pole, the core business.
Yeah.
And instead of what normal people do,
they will just market this business.
And the way they do that is like something
with like some free product,
like an information tool.
And with today's no code tools,
now you can sell functionality, not information.
And that's exactly what we did.
So task magic being the tent pole.
I love that dude.
I can put a tent.
Oh, nice.
The temple strategy is essentially
making small, cheap products that serve this core
because they will essentially rank on their own
and make more money.
Got it.
So step one, we would build for the customer's next problem.
So task magic's original customers,
they were business owners, agencies, freelancers,
people who need sales.
Step two, building something very simple.
So we were like, okay,
we'll let's build like a very simple outbound tool.
And we called that mail lead.
Damn it, I love this.
Which is a simple email outbound platform for task magic.
And we wanted to build something really, really simple
because SEO helps it is specificity.
So the more specific you can get,
like cold outreach, email for some sector,
or whatever, like for automation,
that's gonna rank as high as it can faster
than something general, just like task magic automation.
So we not only sold this to our existing customers,
but we were able to attract more customers
because essentially mail lead got its own SEO lift.
This brought in alone almost seven figures, a revenue.
And is this like a white labeled version of this
or is it its own product?
This was its own product, got it.
Step three is making sure that it hits a natural upgrade path.
So this goes, okay, I want to send cold emails,
I got to get more customers.
But okay, now I want to connect mail lead
to these other apps I use.
So boom, you click the automation button
and it's task magic.
Built right in seamlessly.
Nice.
You hit some kind of limit there,
you're now paying for task magic.
So people will come in and buy this product,
they find this product and even know about task magic.
And then you'd have these upsell opportunities
for them to use task magic,
which was at a subscription task magic.
So one of the major unlocks that we found
with task magic really early on
was people didn't want to pay subscription pricing constantly.
And the way to like really have this bank role itself
at the beginning was like lifetime deal
and then usage based pricing.
The last step in this entire temple strategy
is stack an ecosystem.
So what do the people of mail lead need?
Oh, leads to email too.
So we built lead quest.
Nice, that help them search for leads to email too.
So then when you want to start bringing the emails
that come up in lead quest.ai
and again, you click the automation tab on the left,
it goes to task magic, right?
Not only do you want to click the automation tab
and you're like take this email
and automatically mail it to Gmail.
These people would like to go, oh, but.
oh, but I got a mass email all these leads that I have.
Boom.
Then they buy mail lead.
Right, right.
So that's how mail lead became almost seven figures.
Task magic then brought in more money
from the people from mail lead and the people from,
and now this looks like John Madden.
Go here, go.
I think this is super cool,
because as we talked about earlier, like SaaS,
you think I just built one thing.
I convinced everyone to use this one thing
and it only does one thing,
but that's like the old way of doing stuff.
Right, when you needed all these developers,
you're able to create all these mini products almost.
Yes, that can cross sell back and forth to each other.
Yeah, what do you think is the future of SaaS?
Like if you were to start over today
and start from scratch, would this be your strategy
or what would you change?
If I were to start over today,
this is what I would do.
So taking lead quest as an example,
now how can I make lead quest to the temple product?
And when you start stacking them,
they help each other.
The big thing to like walk away with is,
these aren't like separate side hustles.
They're serving the same ecosystem.
Okay, Jeremy, let's talk about the sale of the business.
It looks great on paper.
It does.
You sold this business for seven figures.
You have this awesome house you're living
in your dream home in LA.
But what I want to hear is the real story
about the sales process.
I just sold starter story, our company.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
It was a crazy process of ups and downs and rollercoaster.
So I'd love to hear your perspective.
Obviously you're on the other side now
and it's been amazing.
But what was that process like for you?
Walk me through the emotions and the process.
It was all amazing and great at the end,
but you're kind of like still shocked
or coming out of like the sales coma.
I would always think about it as.
But the way mine happened with, I want to sell
who would you sell to?
No idea, but I want to exit a company
before I turn 38.
And you have a daughter, you have a young kid
and the mortgage on our house is like $9,000.
So I was like, it's probably a good time to sell.
So I talked to a couple brokers.
They introduced me to people.
We put it on the acquire.com marketplace
and then over 100 people were messaging me about it.
Then we had bought out investors for what I thought we could.
That depleted the bank account,
both personally and for the business.
And we had next to no money.
And I put 50 grand on my MX Platinum card.
I went 200 grand more in personal debt through this
to pay my bills.
So people who want a judge,
unlike a, oh, you sold it fast.
You maybe the six month, seven month timeframe that it took.
It was me, my back against the wall.
And I was just like, dude, I just need to get out of this
because I'm not gonna walk into that room to my wife
and be like, hey, you know this house we moved into
and now put money into, gun fuck and lose it.
And no, no, no, no, no.
And that took me to such a dark place.
The only thing that brought me some fricking calm man
or like clarity was walking into my daughter's room
and just like being with her.
And then it sold and I walked away with like millions
in my bank account.
And now my existence becomes, what is my new daily routine?
I want to shout out Jeremy because he is the real deal.
He is an actually a true SaaS millionaire.
So I want to congratulate something
and you can reveal this camera if you'd like.
Yeah, I would like.
What is it?
Hunter K-Club.
So technically he shouldn't get this shirt
until this video gets 100,000 views,
but I think it will.
If it doesn't, fuck off.
And I wanted to ask you as the last question
we asked all founders to come onto starter story.
For anyone who's watching this
that it wants to build SaaS,
maybe follow this new tent bowl strategy
that you talked about earlier, which I think is awesome.
It would be like one piece of advice
you could leave the audience with.
Oh yeah, okay.
When I went through the sale of the process
and I kind of had like some lows,
I realized that like everyone is just
toxically positive online.
Everyone's crushing it.
Everyone's grateful to just be here and be it.
And like, meanwhile, there will be a stretch
where they go through what I go through
and they won't share that.
And something will be a surprise
that they gave up or the business went out
of style or out of business.
So focus on the problems.
Have your bad day.
Have your bad video.
Share it.
Well, thank you Jeremy for coming on
to starter story.
Thank you.
Thanks for coming by.
I will have to have you buy again.
Yeah, thanks for having me over.
I got to spend a day with a SaaS millionaire
follow this advice, especially the tent bowl strategy.
You might too.
I swear to God, you will make seven.
Can I say that?
Can I say, I swear.
If you do what I do, you'll get there.
It might be product five, but cumulatively.
You'll look at that seven figure of a million there.
All right, we just finished up filming with Jeremy.
I got my water lift, not sponsored.
But Jeremy has an awesome business.
He's the real deal.
Not only did he build a SaaS that did upwards
of $3 million a year,
but he sold the business for millions in cash,
which is a super outlier thing.
Most people never end up building a successful business
let alone selling it.
So I learned a lot from him.
I think my biggest learning here is AI
is going to change SaaS,
but I really love his strategy.
He treats products as almost like content.
You can create little products overnight.
These are all different products
that can help your customers.
So if you're watching this, now it's your turn.
What kind of ecosystem of SaaS are you gonna build?
If you're building in SaaS,
put it in the comments down below.
I also put a very special download down there
to help you find your business idea.
Let me know if you enjoyed this video,
us going in person and spending time
with really successful people in SaaS and other industries.
Thank you guys for watching.
We'll see you in the next one.
Peace.