There's a well-known secret in the app space right now.
And it's arguably the fastest way to see whether your idea is good or not.
Well, I met a guy who executed this perfectly.
I had zero experience with Mumbai apps, so I wasn't as sure as good warriors.
Meet's Umberto.
He built a really simple mobile app, but instead of launching with a free trial,
he did something different.
And in 24 hours, he made over $100,000.
This is the best way to validate your idea.
Most people might tell you this strategy is a bad idea,
but Umberto had a playbook, and it worked.
So I asked him to come on the channel to break it all down for me.
And in this episode, we will dive into how a very simple strategy
generated over $100,000 in a single day.
The exact email sequence you can copy for your product.
And why this strategy might be the smartest move for early stage products.
If you're building something and planning on launching soon,
then this is one that you cannot miss.
All right, let's dive in.
I'm Pat Walsh, and this is Starter Story.
All right, guys, before we dive in,
if after watching this episode, you feel inspired to build?
Well, you're in luck.
We built a nine-day bootcamp that will take you from an idea
to a real working mobile app.
And I'm going to be talking a little bit more about that later.
But for now, let's dive into this awesome episode.
All right, Umberto, welcome to the channel.
Tell me who you are, what you built and what's your story.
Thank you. I'm Umberto, founder of Floga,
a mobile app for yoga teachers and practitioners.
We pre-launched in May 2025 with a lifetime deal
and we generated over $120,000 in just 24 hours.
And today, I'm going to break down exactly how we generated
those $120,000 this fast.
We're going to talk all about launching your app.
That's what hopefully this video is going to be about.
Because you did this really well.
But before we do, I just want to understand what did you build?
It's an app, it's a product.
Can you just show me what you built
in some of the revenue dashboards behind it?
So, Floga is an app for yoga teachers and practitioners.
And here, I can show you a revenue cut,
what happened during the launch days.
As you can see, we launched on May 5th at 2pm.
So by the end of the day, we generated $117,000.
So now we have a recurring revenue business model.
We have a different tier.
We have a monthly quarterly
that is available only on our website
and then the yearly subscription.
So at the moment, we have about 4,000 active users
between paid and free.
Approximately right now, we're doing between $9,000
and $10,000 more.
Okay, cool. Thanks for sharing all that,
Unbarato, this amazing that you built this
and crushed it on the launch.
Let's go a little bit back to your background.
How do you come up with this idea?
How do you build this cool yoga app
that's crushing it right now?
What's your background?
So my path to building an app was not linear at all.
I'm not a developer, I study economics.
I had a brief experience in the corporate world
then in 2012 I raised a seed funding
for a startup that failed.
And after that, I stepped away from tech completely,
I became skin instructor,
worked as a fashion photographer.
So I did a bunch of things.
And then I came back into the startup world around 2016
and at the time, I was working as an advertiser
and growth strategist
and I helped several companies scale
and that's where I learned
how to launch and position products.
Then in 2020, during COVID,
my girlfriend and I created PlayPos B
as a side geek.
It was a brand focus on yoga decks of cards.
They tell yoga teachers and practitioners
build their sequences and practice them mindfully.
We launched our first product on Kickstarter
and generated over $200,000 in the first month.
And actually, the whole brand was about
mindful screen-free practice.
So from there to basically launching a mobile app
was kind of a big plot twist even for me.
But what happened about a year and a half ago
is that I started feeling that what we built
till that moment could evolve in something beaker.
And the question was, what if I took everything we created
from the physical business
and transform it with technology, okay?
So bring it further with technology
without losing the mindful core.
And the one evening I literally sit down,
I sketched the concept of an app
and thought, okay, we can make it.
And a few months later, I found a good developer
and then we snapped using sugar.
Okay, cool.
So you're kind of operating in this physical world.
You've done some physical product launches on Kickstarter.
Maybe you learned a little bit about how to launch a product
which that's what this video is going to be about today
because when we chatted earlier,
you mentioned that from essentially scratch,
you generated over $100,000 in the first 24 hours
with this kind of launch playbook, this LTD playbook,
which I think is like one of the most effective ways
to just get off the ground running.
If you're launching an app,
if you're launching a project, if you're launching anything,
can you tell me a little bit more about that?
How are you able to build something
and then make $100,000 in essentially 24 hours?
What happened?
Okay, so a lifetime deal basically is a deal
where a user pay for lifetime access to the app.
So the first thing I did was to figure out
the long term vision of the app
and decide when we would have been ready to start monetizing.
And my approach here is always to monetize as early as you can.
So I prefer to build the product
and simultaneously building a revenue engine that sustains it.
We looked at what was the minimum set of features
that we needed to basically produce people
to get a laugh from deal.
Then I planned the whole launch sequence
or email, any page, videos,
art, creative, or the full machine.
At the same time,
I also did some regeneration to reach people
that never heard about us.
So there there was a totally different approach of course.
And basically after a few weeks of warming up the audience
and showing off course, the app.
So basically what I did is to record a YouTube video
where I went through exactly all the teacher pressing the app.
And I basically said, okay, that is gonna,
it's worked like this right now.
We're gonna develop these other features.
If you want it, you can get it now lifetime
but there is absolutely no refound.
If you want to try it,
you're gonna wait for a couple of months
till when we open the subscription plans.
So we got around,
if I remember well, between 500 and 600 early customers.
And that was extremely valuable
because if someone invested is going to be interested
in making the app work
so it's gonna give you some very good suggestion,
it's gonna chill you up even.
So the value you get out of this is huge really
because a lot of feature we introduced in the next months
were based on the feedback we were receiving
from this user user.
We could have not done it without that.
Personally, I love how Umberto is sharing everything
about how he made $100,000 in a single day.
But we can sit here and learn
from every launch strategy in the world
but none of that matters if you never build anything.
And that is why we created the iOS playbook.
It's a nine day sprint where you will go from an idea
to a real working app in the app store.
And you'll do all that without writing
a single line of code yourself.
We'll walk you through everything,
generating ideas with AI, building with AI,
designing your app,
and actually getting it live on the app store.
Once you build your app idea,
then you can start putting Umberto's launch playbook
into practice.
So if you're serious about building your first app,
just hit that link in the description below
to start your nine day journey for free.
All right, let's get back to the episode.
Okay, yeah, so this is the thing that when I talk
to a lot of founders and they question
doing a lifetime deal,
like I'll never be able to get revenue
from these users in the future.
But my feedback and what you mentioned there
is that the most important thing is just to get people
to care and commit to your app
and get these early users.
Don't think about these users as users
who won't be able to get revenue in the future
from thinking these users as really, really valuable data
and people that may spread the word about your app
or show your app to other people.
And as long as you do the LTD over a short period of time,
you get to pull forward all these committed users
who may not actually use your app if there was a free trial
or they weren't there.
So it's almost like building an early community.
I think it's one of the best ways
to launch an app if you're bootstrapping.
Like you are, so that's super cool.
I want to dive in a little deeper to the actual launch sequence
because you mentioned that you're able to basically send out
some emails and then generate $100,000.
I'd love if you could dive in deeper to that launch sequence.
Like what did the emails look like?
What was the strategy?
How are you able to generate $100,000 in essentially 24 hours?
So here we have some of the emails we send
during the pre-launch sequence.
The pre-launch lasted for about a month and one week.
These emails, the most representative
we transformed them in some blog posts.
And here there is a storytelling.
We don't reveal anything yet, but we create interest.
And we put the basis for people to understand
what we're going to show them in the following weeks.
Then in the second email, there is still some storytelling going on,
but we reveal a bit more.
Here we create a bit of confusion towards our users,
our existing list, meaning that we put our physical product
on the back and then something in front,
which they can suspect is another physical product
or something completely different.
So we create a lot of curiosity.
And then here there is another email.
I don't remember if we sent other emails.
These are just the most representative ones.
But here we unveiled basically what was behind the red curtain
and we showed up.
And we explained pretty shortly why we did it
and we linked to a video where we present,
where I presented the app at that specific moment.
And then we build up towards the launch
and towards the end of the pre-launch, as I like to call it,
we explain how it's going to work with...
which are always limited in a number and limited in timeframes. And this gives to Lever to basically
reduce the procrastination that basically everyone has, and it works very, very effectively.
And another thing I never, ever show the price, the product before the day of launch,
because otherwise, people are going to make the person this decision based on price.
During the format campaign, they need only to evaluate the purchase of the product based on
the features and the long term vision. Okay, if you put the price, you kind of
ruin the whole thing because there is going to be this other element that they cannot
unsee anymore. And so, never show the flat price before the extra launch date.
Okay, I'm Barato. Thank you for showing this. I mean, this is amazing that you publish all this
on your blog for anyone to read and be helpful for anyone who wants to watch a lifetime deal.
If you've made it this far into the video, I just want to say that this right here is amazing.
Like, this is so helpful for people who want to launch something and maximize that launch.
If you're watching this, we'll put a link in the description for you to be able to download all
these. My recommendation, if you're launching anything, maybe take these, copy them,
plug them into an LLM and see how you can kind of build this sequence for your product
because the building of curiosity and the positioning that you had is really, really smart.
And I imagine you got, I imagine you learned a lot of this from your experience with physical
products and Kickstarter. This is something that I see a lot of people successful with launches,
do something similar to this. So thank you for sharing that. I want to talk a little bit more
about coming up with a great product idea, a product idea that's going to sell well if you were
to do a launch. What would be your playbook if you were starting over with all your experience in
building digital products and having successful launches? We'll be your playbook if you had to start
over right now for anyone watching this who wants to have a great launch. Well, step one,
validate before you build, before you even write a line of code or start building the actual product,
I would talk to five to ten people in your target market. Ask them about the problem you're trying
to solve but never tell them why you're asking. So you want an unbiased honest reaction, okay? So in
our case, we did this with some of our physical product customers and we got some really good feedback
exactly because we didn't lead them. And there is a great book about how to do this properly. I
suggest you to read it is called the month test. It's very simple and it gives some interesting
insight about this. As a second step, I would put define your minimum launchable product. So once
you have validated your idea, the next question is, what is the minimum development stage where the
app can convey, the app of the product can convey enough value to get early adopters to pay for it.
Once you know what that looks like and also you have an estimate of how long it takes to build it,
you can start planning everything else around that timeline. And then step three, build your content
machine before you start promoting and that's extremely important. So before you start in
lead generation or lead nurturing, you need a buffer of content ready to go. So email graphics,
details, landing pages, all of it. And there is another important thing which is put yourself in
the user's shoes because there are things that are obvious to you that are building the product,
but needs to be explained simply and clearly to the end user. Okay? So for example, when we launched
our physical products, nobody knew us. So we had to create trust and also educate them on the
specific platform so that when they had to make the choice, they were ready to do it without
stations or doubts. Step four, pricing, this part is crucial. Don't just throw a number,
structure it, and I see a lot of founders that price it very low because they are scared that
nobody will buy because the product is not ready and for other reasons. And I believe this is a mistake
because you're leaving a serious money on the table. So what I did was create three tiers. The first
tier gave you lifetime access to a limited set of features and the price was around $109. The second
tier, in our case, we price it at around $199 and we included more features and then the third tier
you give every new plan to build. So the food vision and in our case, we price it at $349. Also,
the psychology here is that the first two tiers actually help to sell the most expensive one
because they create a sort of reference and they also capture those skeptical users that are
not really sure about the product. Then step six, launch mechanics, I recommend you to be completely
transparent, show how gap is working, be clear about exactly what is there, what are the
current limitations and how so new you plan to improve it, and then set a clear line, so door
founds. Otherwise, your life time deal gets jeopardized. And if someone has some doubts or want to
try it first, they can wait for the subscription model, which is going to come afterwards. Again,
another thing, limited the time and limited the number of spots. So five to seven days maximum
in my opinion, these forced people to make a decision instead of procrastinating. And this worked
very well. Okay, cool. So I mean, that's an awesome playbook. I think a lot of people watching this,
especially if they're building bootstrap, they're trying to have a great launch to really kick off
their product and set it out for success. This is amazing. So thank you for sharing that.
I want to push back a little bit on the idea of lifetime deals. If you were to ask an investor
or someone that's more raising money for their business, they might say something like
lifetime deals are bad because you're foregoing, foregoing, all future revenue from a customer.
And on paper, if someone were to value your business, they might say, well, actually, it's not that
valuable because you've gotten all the revenue upfront. And then there's now no more opportunities
for revenue generation. So what do you think about this? Do you regret doing the lifetime deal
at all? And what would be your response to this? So no, I don't regret doing a lifetime deal
because I strongly believe that when you're early, you don't have data. You don't know your
LTV. You don't know your turn. You basically have assumptions, right? And a lifetime deal converts
those assumptions into real money in your bank account. There is another thing that people don't
talk about that much. This is an incentive. Monthly subscribers have optionality. Okay,
lifetime buyer has commitment and this change everything. So someone paying month to month,
if something breaks or if there is a bug can just stop the subscription, give you maybe a bad
review and the no feedback while somebody that purchased the app, okay, is interested in
to making the app amazing. So they're going to report bugs, they're going to send detailed feedback.
In our case, we even created a telegram group with all these early adopters. And this has brought
as enormous value. Last but not least, there is a lot of people that just hate subscriptions.
Among these people, the willingness to pay lifetime is easily three to five time more compared to
a yearly plan. So if you do the math right, early stage, a lifetime deal is the smartest move you can
make. You're basically raising capital from your customers without giving away equity, control,
board seats and getting amazing feedback. So I don't think there is anything better than this.
Yeah, I mean, I agree. Sometimes I think about lifetime deals is just a pricing strategy. If you
can understand, if someone's going to subscribe to your app for 24 months, what is the total amount
of revenue you're going to get from that? Well, you can price your lifetime deal, collect, they
cash up front. If you do that, you're really not missing out technically on revenue. So I think
that's cool. I want to switch topics a little bit and understand what you built. Would you be able
to give me a little demo of this yoga app that you built? I'd love to see. Yes, of course,
this on the top is our first feature. It's called Sequence Builders. So you tap on yoga style and
you have a bunch of poses. Okay, this is Zata Villanasa. It's very intuitive. You can swipe up,
you select the pose, you can filter by category, chart class benefit. We even have an intelligent
feature which suggests you poses that makes sense after the one you have selected, basically.
And if you tap on a pose, you also have detailed videos about how the pose is going to work.
There is a ton of useful information for teachers and practitioners. And then, tapping next,
you can personalize further. You can move things around. You can personalize the time and each pose
right off the left side. You can go on the detail again. And then you can start your practice and
you're basically going to be guided on your personalized practice that you have built.
Cool. Okay. Well, let's on that note, I'd be curious. What's the tech stack behind this app that
generated $100,000 in about 24 hours? So we use Platter for the development fire base,
which costs us around $25 a month. Then revenue cut to handle subscription. And we host the video
on Vimeo. We already have Vimeo for our other business. So the videos are there. And one
signal for push notifications. Okay, well, thanks for sharing that. Last question that we ask
all founders to come on starter story. If you could go back in time and give yourself advice
before launching this digital product, or even before you got started in entrepreneurship,
what would be your advice to young Amberto or anyone watching this who wants to do what you do?
Well, stop waiting for perfect. Perfection is just fear these guys in
preparation. The real breakthrough happens. The moment you put something which might be
unfinished in front of real people. And then you get feedback. Feedback can be uncomfortable.
And so if I could speak to myself, to my old self, I'd say who's sooner,
ship earlier and trust the process. And then you learn fast in public and you will ever
go in private. Well, that's great advice. Thank you.
Sharing all this, being so open about the launch sequence.
I think it's gonna be really helpful
for a lot of people watching.
Let us know in the comments what you thought
about this launch strategy, lifetime deals.
I love it, thanks for coming on.
Thank you.
Producer Gus, what do you think about this one?
I thought the coolest part was,
yeah, I really like how you broke down
like all the email sequences,
like how he warmed up his audience.
It was really like tactical,
and it's cool that he published all of them.
So yeah, that's kind of one of the first things
I'm thinking about after this interview is,
wow, like if I ever want to launch something,
I'm just gonna go to his blog
and kind of check out what he wrote
and try to like implement that.
That's the first thing.
Yeah, what do you think?
The moment he said that I had experience
with Kickstarter launches,
that everything clicked for me.
I was like, okay, I see.
This guy knows how to launch products.
And so hopefully a lot of people watching this
realize that too and realizes a lot to learn from this.
He took his experience launching a physical product
and collecting cash upfront,
which is the whole concept of crowdfunding
and he sort of transferred that over to digital products,
which are I think the future
and a great business to be building.
I think this is an underrated strategy.
I mean, we have lots of videos on the channel
about lifetime deals.
It's very like, you know,
it's not the most traditional way of doing things.
If you were to raise money as a VC,
they would say hell no, never do this.
But as a bootstrap business
to get off the ground running
and be able to collect $100,000 of front,
that's a huge boost to the business.
Not only are you collecting revenue
to help invest in the business,
you're getting motivation to keep going
because you have all these customers
that are excited about it.
And you have this roadmap you can build.
And a lot of people want to crap on this strategy.
But I actually think that, you know,
just from what I see, I talked to a lot of founders.
A lot of really successful founders
that now have lots of MRR
and sell their business and all this stuff,
they started with a lifetime deal
because it's a great way to get started.
Yeah, I was thinking about this, you know,
it started a story.
You know, we've done a lot of these like email sequences
and like, you know, lifetime deal things.
And it's certain times of the year,
we've seen that like, like Friday or interviewer
or some other like, you know,
so we've kind of done this a lot
and I've been part of that, like writing the emails
and getting that set up.
A lot of people crap on this idea,
but you've, you know, used that we've done it a bunch.
So, what do you think?
No, I mean, go sign up for most digital products.
Look at companies that are like really successful ones,
like companies that are doing millions per year
or sometimes even like billion dollar companies
go sign up for their products
or their emails like under the free email list.
And you'll notice that they send
crazy amounts of emails, crazy amounts of deals.
Go sign up for any e-commerce product
and look at what happens during, you know,
a Black Friday or Memorial sale.
They're always running deals,
they're always running discounts
and they're sending lots and lots of messages
over email and text.
This is marketing, it's sales, it's marketing, right?
This is what big companies do.
I think a lot of people watching this are afraid.
I don't wanna bother people.
I don't wanna, you know, feel like I'm spamming them
or whatever, but this is what you need to do
if you're in marketing.
If you go and see these huge companies doing it,
you don't have to do it as aggressively as them,
but it is what is essential to build a business,
you know, to stand out and see of all these other products.
So that would be my response to that
is like, that's part of the game.
We did it because I saw a lot of other people
who are very successful that were doing it as well.
And people can just unsubscribe if they don't want to see it.
So thank you guys for watching.
Let us know what you thought about this lifetime deal strategy.
I put a link in the description
to get a little bit more about this strategy specifically
and how to find an idea
that can make hundreds of thousands of dollars in 24 hours.
I hope you enjoyed it.
We'll see you in the next one.
Peace.