So basically I work all days, all year long.
I love my day so much that I want to repeat it every single day.
I don't like Sundays because my fun is actually making stuff.
So I don't see why it would take a day off.
And when I go on a holiday, usually I go mad.
I met like hundreds of people who talked about their brilliant idea.
The idea isn't their head or maybe on their computer,
but they haven't shipped it and on the other side,
but I cannot record a single person who told me like,
you know, I have tried 10 times and it never worked.
Just remember to keep shipping.
Hey, I marked you and make $77,000 a month as a sold entrepreneur.
I had built 35 startups and people often asked me,
how do I get so much done?
So today I'm excited to tell you about how I work.
My days might sound boring for some people,
but I leave the exact same day, almost every day, 365 days a year.
I always start the day with a coffee and breakfast with wife.
And then I hit the gym right after.
We train at the gym together.
So today we're practicing for higher ups,
with a little bit of a sled push and some squat and some running.
Then we go back home.
That's the moment where I start to put myself in work mode.
I don't check my phone, I don't do emails, I don't go online.
I stay completely offline at the beginning of the day.
I just want to have this big block of time
that is usually 46 hours where I really dig where.
The reason that you don't check social media is because I feel like
there's so much going on at the moment, especially with AI,
that I get this fear of missing out that I'm not fast enough,
that I should do more.
And then it's one hour later and I lost one hour of my day
and I feel like I like some motivation to go back to work and stuff.
The deep work is basically a moment of time that I protect,
because that's what got me here.
And I know that it's, you know, I need to get these deep work done
if I want to go further.
So this little boy here is completely off,
because that's the worst enemy.
And then I open the computer here at this desk,
I open my code editor and I spend the next four or six hours coding stuff,
so I only create things.
I don't check my emails, I don't check customer support,
because sometimes you read an email that something is broken in my app
and I have to fix it.
If that happens at the beginning of the day, then I'll fix this bug
instead of actually working on what truly matters for me,
which is creating more stuff.
I shipped about 35 startups and on those 35,
30 of them are nothing, they don't work.
They barely don't make any money, they barely don't have any users.
So the heat rates is about 5%.
So if you want to roll the dice once and you know stick with that dice roll,
nothing crazy will happen, but if you keep playing,
you keep playing, playing, playing and playing.
At some point one dice, one roll of dice will work.
You know, we'll have happy users, you'll start to make money,
you can leave your job, you can roll the dice more often.
When I was a student, if you tell me that my routine is waking up at 6 a.m.
and working all day on my computer and not playing video games,
I'll think, you know, I'm crazy stupid.
But the thing is, at some point, I started to see people lacking the work,
I started to see my apps having users who are happy about all the products,
and then the routine came in in place as a part of like,
oh, okay, so if you stick to a routine, then more of these will happen,
so stick with.
Now, I really try to think less about what would be the output.
I just try to think, what is the thing I want to exist?
So recently, I launched this little macOS app that's analysed your poster with a webcam
and tells me if I'm sitting straight or if I'm just slouching like a shrimp like this.
I did that because I spent so much on my computer
and I know it sucks to sit like a shrimp.
So I was like, oh, this app must exist.
And it's a new type of app for me.
Which one apps like MacOS or not used to MacOS apps?
So before I released it on that day, I wanted to do, you know, a last few checks.
Like, is the licensing system works?
When people get a checkout, do they get the email?
Three PM each, I think, I launched the app.
So he went live with a tweet.
I'm also shared on LinkedIn, Threads, and Reddit.
And got the first customer.
It was amazing.
I think on Thursday, we did about a thousand in revenue.
It's also a good feedback.
People started to post stuff on Twitter.
You see, like, my app in use in my user's hands,
which is the ultimate happy moments for me.
There's the other type of apps that I like to make.
They spark my curiosity.
For instance, one of them was Trust MR.
And it started because I saw a tweet from Peter Lavell
that said that so many people are faking their revenue.
But I feel like, oh, you know, it's fun.
Like, what if I make a little, a little board that showcased, you know,
all the verified revenues of all those people.
So we can see who is this camera and be something true.
Just like this was born an app that turned into a marketplace now that,
in itself, it makes, like, 35 plus K-per-mo.
I have a big list of things I have to make.
So I have a few apps that are already running.
Among them, there are features, like, important features I have to ship.
Initially, I didn't have many problems.
But as you start to make stuff, you will get feedback from people.
You will discover problems.
And that will give you ideas.
Now, I have a 2D list that, even if I leave 200 years,
I wouldn't be able to make all my ideas real.
Every single day at the end of the day, I have more stuff on my 2D list than I did at the beginning.
And then, once I'm done with the cycle, so now I've released this macOS app I can move on.
I will just go over my list.
And there's this gut feeling of her, like, among those features, among those things,
which one would have the most impacts on the users,
which one would make me the happiest.
And I will just pick whatever comes next.
We're always afraid to show our new creation and your ideas to the world in the first time.
Just keep in mind that that's the biggest barrier to your success ever.
There's this little voice inside of your head telling you that it's too early or it's not good enough.
It's a bit like going to the gym for the first time.
You see people on Instagram, they leave super heavy and then you enter the gym.
You don't know the machines, you don't know how it works and all that.
But the moment you step in and you do one session, everything is not new.
It's like you've done it.
And then the next session is completely different.
So it's a one-time fear.
You kill 80% of it by doing it once.
And then the remaining 20% will just kill it with more iterations.
But it just becomes easier and easier.
So the only way to validate an idea is to ship it with a buy button.
Now with AI that's even easier to ship stuff, this even more true.
I have a slightly controversial take on AI is that there's a bunch of people who are obsessed with productivity and want to do more.
They start to have their open-close like teams of agents running the background.
But I think the single KPI that matters hasn't changed in the AI era.
There's still the number of things you ship.
Right now my setup is the most boring set of ever.
I code my same code editor and on the right side, I have the chat.
Single straight-aid like I talk to you in the AI, it makes a new feature.
I release it and move on to the next one.
I've shipped like 300 features on my marketplace in the last three months.
And six new apps this year in 2026 with it.
And people fall for the productivity thing trick.
When in fact you could do a lot of things with one of the first version of chat GPT and a basic code editor.
Towards the end of the day, maybe 4pm, I'll go online.
I'll check Twitter, I'll check my emails.
I'll do the work that's finally becoming more boring, something that is less creative.
We're 30 dinner, usually we spend way too much time eating because we watched, again, better call soul.
And then usually we have a nice walk and that's the moment where I switch everything completely off.
I'm very radical, so I turn my phone off.
I go offline, the computer is off, there's no talk about work.
Sometimes watch movies, sometimes we read a bit before going to read a book, before going to bed.
And we go on bed at the exact same time every single day at 9pm.
It's a bit religious, before bed we have a wind on routine that lasts 30 minutes to 1 hour.
We start to deem the lights at home.
And then when you go to bed you fall asleep instantly.
I never slept up on an alarm and I would always wake up around 6 to 7.
Since I was a student like the first 10 years, like 18 to 20, you know, 8 years old.
I would always be sleepy, like yeah my computer and as soon as I had to focus on some tasks I would fall asleep.
With a good sleep, I feel like I'm so much more emotionally stable.
I have like super locked in focus, like I could spend like 4 hours on the same thing.
So I think sleep is really underrated, I think it's so important.
One thing I see people making that mistake too often is they got this idea, this brilliant idea.
They spend 6 months shipping it and once they ship it, they got a few users.
Maybe they make a little bit of money online.
That is like become their very pet project.
It becomes very important for them that they're so emotionally attached to it.
And they will still focusing on something that maybe it will take 3 years until it takes off and pays enough for you to put your job.
But it's much easier to keep rolling the dice and ship a new idea.
Because that idea might take off like 100 x faster than the previous one.
And every time you ship something you learn more stuff, you share about it so you grow a lot of audience of people who discover your work.
So I really think that playing the game of launching stuff is the recipe.
Shit.
Don't you dare give up.
Don't you dare give up.