Right now it's easier than ever to build apps, but distribution is harder than it's ever been.
TikTok, paid ads, read it, what do you do? Well, today I think I found a solution.
I partnered with one guy and we grew by 10,000 percent.
This is Flow, a solid developer who built a really simple mobile app, but for over a year he tried
everything and barely made a few hundred dollars. I tried doing it all by myself and only made
300 dollars per month. Then something happened that changed everything.
In just one year my entire business completely changed. So I brought him out of the channel to
break it all down and in this episode we'll dive into his really simple app that makes over
$30,000 a month. Why you do not need a TikTok army in order to win and how one smart partnership
can change everything for a business. If you're thinking of building an app in 2026,
this video is for you. All right, let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls and this is StarterStory.
All right, Flow, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built and what's your story.
I'm Flow, I'm from Germany. I built an expense tracking app called Moniai. I launched it
around three years ago and spent around one and a half years. I'm scaling it to $300 of
MRR by myself and then I partnered with the content creator and together we scale it to over 35k
in MRR in just over a year. Okay, wow, so $300 MRR in the first year and a half. Then you found
an influencer and then it blew up. That's what we're going to be talking about today. I'm super
excited. But before we get into that, could you walk me through the app you built, who uses it
and then some of your revenue dashboards to show that this is legit? Yeah, sure. So it's basically
money tracking app that makes the entry a lot more frictionless by using AI to use voice or use
automations. So that is the main concept and also that it's minimalistic and not bloated like most
of the other expense tracking apps. You can see we are currently at a bit over 35k of MRR.
We are a subscription-based app. We only offer a seven-day trial right now. We use to be
with a B-testing. We figured out that actually a hard paywall with free trial works best for us.
Okay, well, let's change topics a little bit before we get into how you found this influencer
distribution, all this. Talk about your background. How do you get to this point where you start
building apps, start getting excited about the finance category? How do you get here? So initially,
I actually wanted to study something in the creative space, but eventually ended up studying
computer science, and then I taught myself to code iOS apps. Afterwards, I was a mobile UX lead.
Yeah, I always wanted to build something myself to fully work on my own apps. So I kept building
side projects next to my shop, but none of them had success until this one. Earlier this year,
I was finally able to quit my job and do this full-time. Okay, cool. So let's talk about the idea.
How you come up with the idea for an app that eventually is doing over $30,000 MRR? I initially
built the app for myself because I wanted to get back into tracking my expenses. I tried many
different expense tracking apps over the years, and I always quit them again, because they were just
too cumbersome to use. And eventually, at this point, AI was becoming fairly usable. So I thought
of combining these two things and using AI to make it more of a frictionless experience. So my goal
was to also ship it as fast as possible, because before that, I built an app that took me two years,
and in the end, I launched it and obviously no one cared about it. So I wanted to improve that
and launch it very quickly. I think it took me a month or two to get the first version,
and then I continuously iterate it over it. Let's switch topics a little bit and talk about
this distribution topic, right? It's easy to build stuff nowadays. You can build pretty amazing
stuff with AI, and when you build it, you got to like $300 MRR after a year and a half, which
still is amazing to be making money with an app, but it's probably not what you really wanted.
Then something changed. And in one year, you went from 300 to 30,000 in MRR. What was that?
What was the big strategy in Wiery here today to share it? Basically, on a very high level,
I started to collaborate with a fairly big influencer from Colombia after we negotiated some terms.
He actually reached out to me because he found my socialists in the app, and after negotiating,
we came up with an agreement, and he's now posting three videos per month on his main channel.
The first video he posted end of 2024. Within a week, we 10x the MRR, and within a month,
it was at almost 8K. Okay, yeah. This is why I wanted to bring you on the channel because a lot of
developers or technical people watch this, and like you said, you thought maybe I don't have product
market fit or something like that. Maybe there's something wrong with my app. The only thing wrong
with your app is that nobody was seeing it. And that's what we love to talk about on starter
stories. Building is cool, but distribution. What's the actual strategy here? I'd love to hear
just a little bit more of a deeper dive into how this works. How is the influencer partnership
set up? I think it's cool that you only have one influencer. You don't have to work with like
20 of them, which sounds complicated. Let's dive in a little bit deeper into it. What's worked
for you and what's the kind of strategy here? So the partnership is largely built on trust right now.
We do, of course, have a contract. So now we have a percentage of the profits and a fixed monthly
retina before we had a percentage of revenue. And we notice that it doesn't really scale well.
What's good about this is since it's profit-based, his payout is mostly profit-based, he's incentivized
to actually do what's best for the app. It's not like he's my employee and he just delivers the video
and calls it a day, but he's constantly thinking about what to do and how to make the greatest
videos. So he's also incentivized there. What's different also to many other people that work with
content creators is that we only post three videos per month. They are very high quality, so we really
want to have quality over quantity. So they are always very story-driven. We don't get millions of
views mostly, but those that we get, they do convert with a fairly high rate. So yeah, and he's
responsible for coming up with the video ideas, so I don't have to constantly think about new viral
video ideas or something that he's the creative mind behind it basically. Okay, cool. I mean,
this makes a lot of sense to me. I see a couple themes here. The first one is like quality over
quantity. Both in terms of influencers, right? You don't have, you have one quality influencer,
not 20 of them, and you do three videos a month, not a hundred, and then hope that something hits.
The second thing that I think is actually really smart here, as you mentioned, is this guy has
skin in the game, right? It's not like you just pitching them $300 videos to create, and they create
something quick and it doesn't convert. This person is incentivized to make great videos, which I think
makes a lot of sense. I'd love if you could dive a little bit deeper and just show me like, what kind of
videos are you creating? What's the impact of these videos? I didn't expect you to say that you only
do three videos a month. Could you show me what the impact of what a successful influencer can do
to a software business? Yeah, sure. I actually built a little tool for that to visualize it a bit
better. You can see those small circles where a video was posted, so you can see this was the first one.
It was actually a very simple video. This one was just a walkthrough of the app, but since his main
audience didn't know the idea behind it yet, it worked quite well. So this and another video
actually got us to 7.8K MRR from the 300 from before, and then another video, which was also
fairly short, but it also got us another boost of more than 5K to 13K MRR. Then we did a lot of
testing. Actually, we had a low season there. We didn't get another viral video until June 21,
which was when we were invited from Apple to try and adapt up to see together, so that made for a
really great story. And like I said, the videos that we post are mostly story-based. That's why
also we only post three of them because it takes a long time to create them, but this one in total
got us 1.7 million views and grew in plus almost 5K MRR. And then the latest one was a feature that
was really wanted by people, and he also made a very nice story behind it, and that grew us now
to finally over 35K. So you can see from the beginning till now, we grew by over 10,000%.
I absolutely love everything Flow is sharing right now about how he grew this thing. It just goes
to show you the power that content can have on your business or your app that you're building
in 2026. We've actually talked to dozens of founders right here on this channel who've used
similar strategies to grow their apps. So I decided to put it all together into one free resource
to help you get started. The organic short form playbook will walk you through how real founders
are growing real apps making real money right now. From how to find viral content ideas to building
a content system, this playbook will show you how to think about growth differently. So if you're
ready to grow, head to the first link in the description and download it for free. All right,
let's get back to the episode. So this awesome influencer reached out to you because you had built
something cool and you guys partnered together. For a lot of people watching this, they might be
thinking, I'm a developer, I'm technical minded. How can I find someone who's a genius at marketing
and video and content. If you were starting over from scratch with a new app in 2026,
what would be your playbook for nailing influencer marketing based on everything you've learned?
Yeah, totally. I talked to my partner about this and we came up with this playbook.
So step one, finding your aligned partners. So before reaching out, you should make sure that
the influencer's lifestyle, the tone, the audience actually met your product. So what I was
looking for in a partnership was great personality, of course, charisma, but also that he connects
with his viewers. So he replies to comments, which is...
if you have an app to sell because they will have questions about it so that was important
and also that he's not purely a tech influencer but he's also like he's kind of tech and lifestyle
that's why his audience is not just interested in specs of apps or something like that but they
really care about his story about what he's doing in his life so that makes it really valuable.
Then step two warm up that relationship that means you should follow them beforehand.
Those influencers usually notice that people are constantly commenting on their videos so they
see that recurringly and they see that you actually care about it. Of course that takes a lot of
time so if you don't have the time then at least be upfront like don't fake that you follow them
for month or something like that. Step three is that you should be very specific with the outreach
so don't just send what a lot of people do to say I love your content let's collaborate
that won't cut it. Instead you should reference a specific video or a specific moment a joke they
made or something like that so they actually know okay they watch the content they actually care
about what I do. For example you could say something like I really liked how you made such a little
detail look so cinematic in that video of whatever that specific product. Step four is connect the
dots to your product after you show that appreciation he should see the alignment not just a
transaction so it shouldn't look like I want to pay you make something for me but he should see
that there's an alignment between the both of you so for me there was like his audience clearly
values aesthetics and nice tech and my product I think was a perfect overlap for this because it's
minimalistic aesthetic but still also has the tech heavy side with the AI automations and things
like that. Then for step five I think this one is the most important one and you should acknowledge
their value and signal willingness to pay very early on you should really lead with making it clear
that you will get incentivized one way or another I think that's already set you apart from the rest
and what could also work really well would be to show examples of products in that niche that already
make a lot of money you can easily look that up on sensor tower or other websites yeah so you could
say something like understand the value of what you do you can reach millions of people with a
single video I would love to have you as a long-term partner and share the profits of the app with you
it might not be much in the beginning but other apps in that niche make 50 to 100k per month
with the right distribution so that kind of gives them like a future mental model of what this
collaboration could lead to and there's some final tips try to be brief I think this one is
important these creators get hundreds of emails per week so they don't want to read through
a huge paragraph of text bonus points if you can send a personalized video where you actually
mentioned their creators name and their content in that video because that shows actually that you
really care about this collaboration most people won't do this so that's exactly why you should
do it then what worked for me is that you should add your social handles on your profile that
this is the the first step you should probably do when you build an app I think this will actually
become increasingly important in the future because the popularity of apps is getting bigger
and bigger I feel like so I think more and more content creators will see the value in collaborating
with a developer so if they find nice apps and they see oh okay there's just a single person
working on the app I think that could lead to the influence actually reaching out to you which
would be a lot better for you because then you can also negotiate terms a lot better and most
importantly which also worked for me is that you should look into other markets than just the US I think
a lot of great content creators also outside and I think my partner also makes it clear that it
can also work in in any other market as well yeah there's a lot of influencers out there that are
US based or popular but the influencer that you worked with is kind of tackling the Colombian
market it goes to show that there's a lot of emerging influencers across the world that developers
could work with your German he's Colombian there's so many opportunities and apps are such a huge
growing space right now so I guess for anyone watching this don't just limit it just to the US
thank you for sharing that playbook that's amazing I think it's gonna be super useful for people
watching this I love if you could just give us a quick demo of your app what's the app that makes
over 30,000 MRR yeah so this is the app it's very minimalistic it doesn't even have tabs or anything
like that it just shows you what's really important which is the distribution of your expenses and below
that you see the list if you want to make a new expense you can either do it manually or you can
use the voice input feature and say something like coffee at Starbucks 50 bucks and we'll use that
and automatically create the transaction for you add tags add the category and automatically add
to your list what also works is you can use the Apple Pay automation so we heavily also use shortcuts
integrations to make it even easier so if you just pay once it gets realized you can see that it
was automatically now added to the list this is more or less it there's a lot of other things
like you can add budgets or if you don't find some feature you can always use the AI reports feature
so you can just simply ask questions about all the finances that you already added which makes it
very simple like for example you could say I want to save 300 euros a month on which cost should I
cut back you can see that it would analyze your your finances and then come up with a plan
okay cool well thanks for showing the app looks like a really cool app I love the AI features
on that note let's talk about tech stack what's the stack that you built this in where all the tools
that run is $30,000 plus per month app I build my apps natively so I just use xcode which is free
I use cloud code extensively I'm paying for the max plan which is 100 bucks I use revenue cats
to show the revenue stats of course but also most importantly to do AB tests so for me it's around
400 bucks a month now then I use app right for my backend and authentication and database as well
that together is 25 bucks for the AI request in the app I use open AI for the easier tasks and
anthropic for the deeper analysis that is around 200 bucks a month then Helm every iOS developer will
know the pain of using FSO Connect so this makes it a bit more hassle free I bought the lifetime plan
which is around 175 bucks and for designer use Figma but just the free plan cool well thanks for
sharing that last question that we ask all founders to come on starter story you built this awesome
business is doing over $30,000 a month in revenue congratulations if you go back in time to when
you had just started your app or when you're at $300 MRR you couldn't figure out how to crack
product market fit what would be your advice to young flow or anyone who's watching this who wants
to build apps and achieve success like you did I was very reluctant to start with meta ads because
it always looked super intimidating for me and I was always afraid it would be a waste of money or
something like that but what I noticed is my creator can make such great videos these videos you
can use to experiment with meta ads very easily we just started a few weeks ago and we already see
really great results with this so I think we could have made a lot more money if we got on that
yeah no we talked to a lot of founders who are building apps specifically who are crushing it
with ads right now yeah you got to figure out the content first the content that you run on the
ads needs to be good but there's been like two three four guys out of a dozen that are building apps
where ads are really starting to work and they can pour gasoline on the on the fire and it's working
so that's super cool to hear anybody who's watching this get started throw some money on some paid
ads and see what happens it can't hurt thank you flow for coming on to the channel and sharing
all this congratulations to what you've built it's amazing let us know in the comments which you
thought of this video any other questions if you want flow to come back on and maybe share some more
things that worked for this $30,000 per month personal finance app which I think is super cool
thanks for coming on thanks for having me all right Gus producer of starter story what did you think
of flow man I love that guy super chill and just like straightforward with his like system in terms
of the story initially what stands out to me obviously is this one influencer thing we talked a
lot of guys and this is no shade to them but I talked to a lot of guys are seeing on Twitter like
spamming TikTok dozens of sort of brain-radi content he did the exact opposite that's why I wanted
to have them on the show that that was like a different way so that's that's one thing for me yeah
one thing that I like about this is that the skin in the game aspect like I'm a little bit skeptical
of the influencer strategy of like contact a hundred influencers make a deal with 10 of them
and then one of them works out and helps you grow your business but that's as far as you can
really take it right because then you know pay them again and then it gets sort of complicated
when we talked a lot of these guys that do the influencer playbook there is usually just one influencer
that really crushed it for them even though they contacted a bunch that's kind of what he did is
he had one influencer who has skin in the game who's taking a share of the profits who's gonna
create great content and gonna be thinking about the business from an actual growth perspective
rather than just recording a video and posting it so the influencer for equity thing is something
that we there's a lot of videos on our channel that cover that influencer for equity model I think
it's gonna get bigger and I think it's really great for people like him who clearly aren't content
creators but they're good developers they can build cool stuff this I think is gonna be big the other
thing I always think about this when guys like this come on the channel is like his app is basically
yet another budget tracking essentially for myself from building something or thinking about
something I'm like oh it's already been done and this is just a good example of like yes it's
obviously yet another budget tracking app there's obviously some unique things to it that we
saw in the demo that were really cool but
but that doesn't matter.
Like what matters is the distribution
which you talk about a ton.
And obviously there's the like other markets element,
like the Colombian influence
or the whole other thing we could have driven into.
But that's what's standing out to me.
It's like, it's just another budget tracking app.
That's crazy.
And it's like 2026 and people are still making money
with this kind of stuff.
Right.
I mean, yeah, there's no clear winner
in the budget tracking space.
I don't really use something.
When he showed me his app, I was like,
oh, I kind of want to try this out.
It integrates with Apple Pay.
Like I use that so that could be kind of cool.
I immediately wanted to try it out.
So I can see the appeal and I can see how it would,
you know, it could be a popular app.
And yeah, as you mentioned,
what he did that was really smart is that
he didn't build it for people in Germany
where he lives or in the US, where we live.
He partnered with the influencer
who built it in Columbia of all places.
You can, that's a great money in Columbia, by the way.
There's so much opportunity to build popular apps.
Build the same exact app in another country
because the app stores huge in other countries.
And we talked to a lot of founders who crushed it
in the early days by targeting other countries.
France, Argentina come to mind in a couple of videos we did.
So yeah, let's put that to rest the idea
that like if it's already been built, you can't build it again.
So if you're watching this
and you've built something cool, just like Flow did,
you definitely want to check out our short form content playbook.
It is our starter story build playbook
where you can go on it's 100% free.
You can see a bunch of different content playbooks
that are working short form content playbooks
of the many founders we interviewed on starter story.
We put it all into one place so you can watch, learn,
and see what kind of content that might work for you
so you can focus on distribution.
I'll put a link to that down there in the description.
Hope you enjoy it.
Otherwise, we'll see you in the next one.
Peace.